Bluetooth: Mesh: Light controller example (#2438)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: samples/bluetooth/mesh/light_lc/README.rst

   +===============+===============================+============================+
   | Config Server | Gen. Level Server             | Gen. OnOff Server          |
   +---------------+-------------------------------+----------------------------+
   | Health Server | Gen. OnOff Server             | Light Control Server       |
   +---------------+-------------------------------+----------------------------+
   |               | Gen. DTT Server               | Light Control Setup Server |
   +---------------+-------------------------------+----------------------------+
   |               | Gen. Power OnOff Server       |                            |
   +---------------+-------------------------------+----------------------------+
   |               | Gen. Power OnOff Setup Server |                            |
   +---------------+-------------------------------+----------------------------+
   |               | Light Lightness Server        |                            |
   +---------------+-------------------------------+----------------------------+
   |               | Light Lightness Setup Server  |                            |

>    +---------------+-------------------------------+----------------------------+

Author: I used a table generator from: https://www.tablesgenerator.com/text_tables.

The reason why i choose to use this formating was because i had a hard time making the manual formating work as i wished, so i gave up and used the generator. I thought that since the rendering was identical it would not matter.

The models are used for the following purposes:

> The first element consists of a Config Server and a Health Server. The Config Server allows configurator devices to configure the node

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The first element consists of a Config Server and a Health Server.
  The Config Server allows configurator devices to configure the node remotely.
  The Health Server provides ``attention`` callbacks that are used during provisioning to call your attention to the device.
  These callbacks trigger blinking of the LEDs.
```

remotely, and the Health Server provides ``attention`` callbacks that are used during provisioning to call your attention to
the device. These callbacks trigger blinking of the LEDs.

> The eight models contained within the second element is the result of a single implementation of the Light Lightness Server. These

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The eight models contained within the second element are a result of a single implementation of the Light Lightness Server.
  These models are bound internally to the light source hardware you wish to control (in this case the first LED of the DK).
  External control of the light source can be achieved directly using either the Generic Level Server or the OnOff Server in the second element.
```

models are bound internally to the light source hardware you wish to control (in this case the first LED of the DK).
External control of the light source can be achieved directly by using either the Gen. Level Server or the Gen. OnOff Server
in the second element.

> The three models contained within the third element is the result of a single implementation of the Light Control Server.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The three models contained within the third element are a result of a single implementation of the Light Control Server.
  Together they establish a controller that, if enabled, can take control over a Light Lightness Server instance, where the controller decides parameters such as fade time, lighting levels for different states, and inactivity timing.
  In this sample, the Light Control Server is bound internally to the Light Lightness Server instance in the second element, and enabled by default on boot up.
  External control of the light source associated with the Light Lightness Server can be attached indirectly by the Light Control Server, by using the Generic OnOff Server in the third element.
```

Together they establish a controller that can, if enabled, take control over a Light Lightness Server instance, where the
controller decides parameters such as fade time, lighting levels for different states, and inactivity timing. In this sample
the Light Control Server is bound internally to the Light Lightness Server instance in the second element and enabled by default on boot up.
External control of the light source associated with the Light Lightness Server can be achieved indirectly by the Light Control
Server by using the Gen. OnOff Server in the third element.

> For a more detailed description checkout the documentation for the :ref:`bt_mesh_lightness_srv_readme` and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more details, see :ref:`bt_mesh_lightness_srv_readme` and :ref:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_srv_readme`.
```

:ref:`bt_mesh_light_ctrl_srv_readme`.

The model handling is implemented in :file:`src/model_handler.c`, which uses the :ref:`dk_buttons_and_leds_readme` and the
:ref:`zephyr:pwm_api` API to control the LEDs on the board.

Requirements
************

* One of the following development kits:

  * |nRF52DK|
  * |nRF52840DK|

* Smartphone with Nordic Semiconductor's nRF Mesh mobile app installed in one of the following versions:

  * `nRF Mesh mobile app for Android`_
  * `nRF Mesh mobile app for iOS`_

User interface
**************

> Buttons:

Reviewer: I know that this is reused, so it does not have to be changed (at least not here only). Just wondered why the columns (:) are used to begin with here. Don't think they're needed.

Author: Your right, it is a knock-off  😅

>    Can be used to input the OOB authentication value during provisioning.

Reviewer: Could we expand OOB to out-of-band (OOB) first time it's used here?

Author: Sure

   All buttons have the same functionality during this procedure.

LEDs:
   Show the OOB authentication value during provisioning if the "Push button" OOB method is used.

>    First LED outputs the current light level of the Light Lightness server in the second element.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   First LED outputs the current light level of the Light Lightness Server in the second element.
```

-----------------------

The provisioning assigns an address range to the device, and adds it to the mesh network.
Complete the following steps in the nRF Mesh app:

1. Tap :guilabel:`Add node` to start scanning for unprovisioned mesh devices.
#. Select the :guilabel:`Mesh Light LC` device to connect to it.
#. Tap :guilabel:`Identify` and then :guilabel:`Provision` to provision the device.
#. When prompted, select the OOB method and follow the instructions in the app.

Once the provisioning is complete, the app returns to the Network screen.

Configuring models
------------------

Complete the following steps in the nRF Mesh app to configure models:

1. On the Network screen, tap the :guilabel:`Mesh Light LC` node.
   Basic information about the mesh node and its configuration is displayed.
#. In the Mesh node view, expand the third element.
   It contains the list of models in the third element of the node.
#. Tap :guilabel:`Generic OnOff Server` to see the model's configuration.
#. Bind the model to application keys to make it open for communication:

   1. Tap :guilabel:`BIND KEY` at the top of the screen.
   #. Select :guilabel:`Application Key 1` from the list.

>    You are now able to control the first LED on the device by using the Generic On Off Controls in the model view.

Reviewer: Generic OnOff controls?

Author: This is also a knock-off of the documentation in the mesh:light sample. It refers to the interface of the Gen. OnOff Server model interface in the mesh app.
![nrf_mesh_app_gen_onoff_ctrl](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/35562897/84164989-6fb03000-aa73-11ea-9cc1-656db1e5e8b9.png)
